Stranger: Hey saw your TikTok, you're really talented at dancing!
Teen: Omg thanks! Which one?
Stranger: The one in your room with the LED lights. You looked amazing.
Teen: Haha that one blew up.
Stranger: You should make more like that. Maybe with different outfits? I bet you'd go viral.
Teen: I'm thinking about it!
Stranger: What's your Insta? I want to follow you there too.
Teen: It's @sarah_dances_2011
Stranger: Followed! Hey you should add me on Snap too. That's where I post my best content.
Teen: What's your snap?
Stranger: darkphoenix_real. Hey do you have Discord? We could voice chat about dance tips.
Teen: Yeah I'm on Discord for gaming.
Stranger: Cool drop your tag. I'll add you to a private server for dancers your age.
Teen: sarah#4521
Stranger: Added. Hey don't share this server with anyone. It's invite only and the older dancers get weird if random people join.
Teen: Got it.
Stranger: You know what would help your dancing? If you recorded some practice sessions. Like in comfortable clothes so you can see your form better.
Teen: Like in my dance clothes?
Stranger: Yeah or whatever you practice in at home. Could be anything comfortable. Send them to me and I'll give you feedback.
Teen: I usually just wear shorts and a tank top.
Stranger: Perfect. Film some tomorrow and send them on Snap so they disappear after I watch them. More private that way.
Teen: Why do they need to disappear?
Stranger: So other people can't steal your routines. Dancers are competitive. Trust me on this.
Stranger: Also your account says you're 14. You might want to change that. Older followers take you more seriously if they think you're 16-17.
Teen: But I am 14.
Stranger: I know but I'm just looking out for you. Between us, I'm actually 31 but I tell people I'm 22 online. Everyone lies about age on the internet.
Teen: I guess that makes sense.
Stranger: Hey what part of the city are you in? There's a dance studio near downtown I could get you access to. We could practice together.
Teen: I'm in the suburbs, like 20 minutes from downtown.
Stranger: I have a car, I could come pick you up. Way easier than the bus.
Teen: My mom would freak if a stranger picked me up.
Stranger: Then don't tell her lol. Just say you're going to a friend's house. I'll have you back before she notices. Trust me, I do this all the time with my other dance students.
