Speaker A: Good game! You're seriously one of the best players I've come across in months.
Speaker B: Thanks, I've been grinding this game for a while.
Speaker A: It really shows. You play way better than most people your age. How old are you if you don't mind me asking?
Speaker B: I'm thirteen.
Speaker A: Thirteen, wow. You're really mature for your age, I genuinely thought you were older. What year are you in at school?
Speaker B: Year eight.
Speaker A: Nice. I finished school a couple of years ago. Do you enjoy it?
Speaker B: It's okay. Some classes are good.
Speaker A: What's your favourite subject?
Speaker B: Probably PE and art.
Speaker A: That's cool. Hey, I feel like we actually get along really well. Like you're easy to talk to, not like most randoms online.
Speaker B: Yeah you seem alright.
Speaker A: I mean it. I genuinely enjoy talking to you. Most people online are just toxic but you're different from other kids.
Speaker B: Thanks.
Speaker A: I'm always here for you if you ever want to talk, even outside the game. Like if you're having a rough day or whatever, you can always talk to me.
Speaker B: That's nice.
Speaker A: I care about the people I play with. You can trust me, I'm not like those weird people online. I would never do anything to make you uncomfortable.
Speaker B: Okay cool.
Speaker A: I understand you better than most people probably do. Like I actually listen, you know?
Speaker B: Yeah you do seem pretty easy to talk to.
Speaker A: Do you usually play after school? Like what's your daily routine?
Speaker B: I usually log on around four, after I get home and have a snack.
Speaker A: Nice. And you're usually free until dinner time? When do your parents normally get back?
Speaker B: Yeah pretty much. My parents get back around six so I have a couple of hours.
Speaker A: That's a good window. Hey, do you have Discord? The in-game chat is kind of terrible.
Speaker B: I have Discord yeah.
Speaker A: Cool, we should connect there. We can do a video chat while we play, it's way better than the lobby voice.
Speaker B: Sure, I'll add you.
Speaker A: Awesome. I want to see your setup, I bet it's pretty good. Can you show me on camera sometime?
Speaker B: Haha maybe.
Speaker A: No pressure. Hey, whereabouts are you based? Like what part of the country? I'm just curious if we're in the same timezone.
Speaker B: I'm in the north, near Manchester.
Speaker A: Oh nice, I'm not too far from there actually. Small world. Do you ever go to gaming events or expos?
Speaker B: I've never been to one but they sound cool.
Speaker A: You should go to one sometime. There's one coming up that I'm thinking of going to. It would be cool to see you there.
Speaker B: Maybe, I'd have to see.
Speaker A: No rush. It would just be cool to put a face to the username, you know? Hey, do your parents know you talk to people online? Like do they check your messages?
Speaker B: Sometimes my dad checks my phone.
Speaker A: Ah right. Well I mean we're just gaming friends so it's totally fine. Anyway, let's run another match.
Speaker B: Let's do it.
